Delegate-reference-yaml (#426)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/2_Delegates/delegate-reference/common-delegate-profile-scripts.md

# Check AWS CLI install  
aws --version
```

### AWS describe instance

The following script describes the EC2 instance based on its private DNS hostname:

```
aws ec2 describe-instances --filters "Name=network-interface.private-dns-name,Values=ip-10-0-0-205.ec2.internal" --region "us-east-1"
```

The value for the `Values` parameter is the hostname of the delegate.

### AWS List All Instances in a Region

> The following script will list all the EC2 instances in the region you specify:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following script lists all the EC2 instances in the region you specify:
```

```
aws ec2 describe-instances --query 'Reservations[*].Instances[*].[InstanceId,State.Name,InstanceType,PrivateIpAddress,PublicIpAddress,Tags[?Key==`Name`].Value[]]' --region "us-east-1" --output json | tr -d '\n[] "' | perl -pe 's/i-/\ni-/g' | tr ',' '\t' | sed -e 's/null/None/g' | grep '^i-' | column -t
```

### Git CLI

Run `apt-get update` before you run`apt-get` commands.

```
apt-get update  
# Install Git with auto approval  
yes | apt-get install git  
# Check git install  
git --version
```

### Cloud Foundry CLI

> Harness supports Cloud Foundry (CF) CLI version 6 only. Support for version 7 is pending. Below is an example of CF CLI installation; the version of the CF CLI that you install on the delegate should match the PCF features you use in your Harness PCF deployment.

Reviewer: "should match" vs "must match"

Author: This content is older and needs a tech review pass to see what is no longer true. I'm trying to clean things up a bit without changing technical meaning so would not substitute "should" with "must" since the two aren't the same (https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt).
